Vimeo is one of the few websites that we've been asked to critique that I actually have some knowledge of. I use Vimeo all the time when just randomly wandering around the internet to play videos, and I've even uploaded a couple of them to the site myself. Since I've had multiple experiences in using the site as a visitor and contributor, I feel that my input is more valuable than somebody who has stumbled upon the site for the first time. 

Overall, Vimeo is solid website to use for sharing your videos. It seems to be a more professionally accepted website than YouTube for the most part, which makes some sense seeing that YouTube seems to be centered more around the social aspect of video as opposed to Vimeo's stance: ... just mostly video. Of course you can leave comments and have a limited amount of interaction with the creators of the content, but it's nothing like YouTube's community of pre-teens, trolls, and comedic posts that litter almost every video. I'm not knocking YouTube at all (in fact I kind of prefer Youtube) but Vimeo is more simplistic and gets straight to the point. That's why I really like it, actually. 

I think the layout and navigation of the website is great. I'm never asking myself where to go next or how to get there - it's all very fluid and easy. Buttons are where they should be and it's extremely obvious where you need to go to watch video. My only gripe with the site is the feel it has - mainly on the home page. Upon entering, you are greeted with a login box at the top with a cartoony picture of some kind of Vimeo forest in the backdrop. I think it looks cool, but it just seems out of place to me. Why is there a forest there? What does that have to do with this site? It almost looks like it should be some sort of game in the background- it looks like it would be fun, honestly. Maybe I'm missing something and the forest has some sort of philosophical meaning that applies to Vimeo, but until I hear what it is, I think the homepage should have less Vimeo imagery, and more simplified colors behind popular user created videos. 

Overall though, Vimeo is a great website.

Kyle Misteravich