Unless you've been living under a rock for the past couple of years, chances are you've heard of Facebook. It's a breeding ground for everything social and an internet hub for sharing and connecting with potentially billions of other users. I use Facebook almost daily to stay in touch with friends and family as well as to share things that are happening in my life and remain in the loop with other people's. The site can become pretty addictive to compulsive users like myself sometimes, and it's important for a website like Facebook with so many users to have a seamless and intuitive user interface on every device available. 

I've been slightly disappointed with some of Facebook's previous design and layout choices in their older versions, but I haven't had many complaints about the web and mobile versions that they have out there right now. The current mobile version of the site is solid. You are immediately greeted by a log in screen (which can be annoying for a lot of sites, but Facebook is basically useless without first logging in) which prompts you with the option to log in or create a new account, and then you are immediately thrown into your personalized news feed without many other stages. It's simple and straight to the point (as it should be). You can scroll up and down checking out whatever it is that people are choosing to post, or go ahead and post whatever it is that you feel like posting. There aren't any real obstacles to getting where you want to get - but there are advertisements once in a while - which is annoying, but vital for the site to make money.

Facebook does a good job of making every button big enough to clearly read and click. There is no real clutter in the layout arrangements and the colors aren't obscenely radiant and distracting. It's a simple and elegant mobile experience that is easy enough to get the job done quickly and has enough content to keep people busy for as long as they choose to browse around. It's what you would hope for in a social website on a mobile platform and I enjoy the experience.